Fixes to pixeldataset aggregation and parquet file indexeing (#28)
PixelgenTechnologies/pixelator: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [UNRELEASED] - ...

### Fixed

> * Fixed broken pixeldataset aggregation for more than two sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed broken pixeldataset aggregation for more than two samples.
```

> * Fixed bug in graph generation caused by accidentally written index in parquet file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in graph generation caused by accidentally writing the index to the parquet file.
```

>   For backwards compatiblity, if there is an column named `index`` in the edgelist, this

Reviewer 2: `index`` -> `index`

Author: I'll fix this up when I prep the release.
